1.Explaine angular architecture ?

angular is a platform and framework for building client applications in html and typescript.
angular writen in typescript is implements core and optional funtionality as a set of typescript libraries that you import into your apps.




2.What is routing? and how to do the angular in routing?

the angular rouoter enables navigation from one view to the next user perform applicvation  tasks.
routing basically means navigating between pages
=>first view inport router nodule 
=> create a route and give the path
=>import the route
=>give the router link in html page



3.How to interacting the front end to backend ?

=> first creating a database in the mongodb
=> using conection string get the data into middleware 
=>in front end using services and models to axis the data


4.What is bootstrap ?

bootstrap is the most popular css, html and javscript framework for developing respansive and mobile first websites 




5.what is the difference b/w HTTPCLient and Http?

we import { Http } from '@angular/http';

we  import { HttpClient } from '@angular/common/http'




7.What do know in css animation?

An animation lets an element gradually change from one style to another.

You can change as many CSS properties you want, as many times you want.

To use CSS animation, you must first specify some keyframes for the animation.

Keyframes hold what styles the element will have at certain times.



8.Tell me something in your project?

my project name is rental application iam working on user module.i did user registrion,login and home pages.in home page buy ,sell,properties pages are their
you can clilck any page you choose loation ,money(max-min)and propertytype you get the all the information regarding it.on home page whatsnew  provide recent all details.
 you are not able understood our application in home page we providing help page you can easily understand.


9.Angular matarial and css asking on animation topics?


angular materials is collection of material design and animation  components for angular  by using these components you can apply material desgin and animation  very easiy  




1.What is Nodejs?
node.js is an open sourec server side runtime environment built on chromes v8 gavscript engine.
it provides an eavent driven ,non-blocking(asynchronous) and ceoss-paltform runtime enviornment
for building highly sclable server-side application using javascript


2.Why it is so lightweight and fast?
Light travels so fast because it has no mass. The particles that make up electromagnetic radiation are called photons. 
Each photon has a packet or quantum of energy depending on the frequency of the radiation. The photon also has some momentum, but its mass is zero.

3.what is event loop and how it's works?

Node.js is a single-threaded application, but it can support concurrency via the concept of event and callbacks.
 every api of Node.js is asynchronous and being single-threaded, they use async function calls to maintain concurrency.
 Node uses observer pattern. Node thread keeps an event loop and whenever a task gets completed, it fires the corresponding event which signals the event-listener function to execute.

4.what is the error first callback.
When the operation either completes or an error is raised, the callback function is called with the Error object (if any) passed as the first argument

5.what is difference between callback and promises.

 A Promise is an object that represents a value which might not yet exist.
The difference between Promises and the traditional callbacks approach, is that async methods now synchronously return Promise objects, which the client sets a callback on


6.what is the callback and why we are used it.

The common name for the function passed in is a callback function.
 This is an example of using the callback variable in a JavaScript Function. Function One takes in an argument and issues an alert with the x as it's argument. 
Function Two takes in an argument and a function.


7.what is event emitter and what is used of it.
Much of the Node.js core API is built around an idiomatic asynchronous event-driven architecture
 in which certain kinds of objects (called "emitters") emit named events that cause Function objects ("listeners") to be called. 
All objects that emit events are instances of the EventEmitter class
Usage noteslink. In the following example, a component defines two output properties that create event emitters.
 When the title is clicked, the emitter emits an open or close event to toggle the current visibility state.


8.what is callback hell and how to avoid it.
Callbacks are just the name of a convention for using JavaScript functions. 
There isn't a special thing called a 'callback' in the JavaScript language, it's just a convention.
 Instead of immediately returning some result like most functions, functions that use callbacks take some time to produce a result. 
The word 'asynchronous', aka 'async' just means 'takes some time' or 'happens in the future, not right now'.
 Usually callbacks are only used when doing I/O, e.g. downloading things, reading files, talking to databases.

9.what is require() module.
The require object. There is nothing special about require .
 It's an object that acts mainly as a function that takes a module name or path and returns the module.exports object

10.how to call multiples api's and get all api's response in one time.


 consider having NO client API calls at all. simply generate the . So you conclude, its best to have single API to call for all home page resources response at once .
 time needed to complete a given operation from the perspective of . In your specific case, all of your methods have the word 'get' in their .


 












